Add support for partial armor coverage for monsters (#51304)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MONSTERS.md

Monster protection from bashing, cutting, stabbing, acid and fire damage.

## "weakpoints"
(array of objects, optional)

Weakpoints in the monster's protection.

| field               | description
| ---                 | ---
| `name`              | Name of the weakpoint.

> | `coverage`          | Base probability of hitting the weakpoint. May be increased by skill level.

Reviewer: Is this number expressed as a decimal probability or a percent? That should probably be clear, like "a 'coverage' of 5 means a base 5% chance of hitting this weakpoint"

Author: I changed it to be a percentage, to match other coverage / probability values.

| `armor_multiplier`  | multipler on the monster's base protection when hitting the weakpoint.

> | `armor_offset`      | offset on the monster's protection, after applying the multiplier.

Reviewer: I believe this is added to the armour after the multiplier? If so we should make that more clear, like:
```suggestion
| `armor_offset`      | a flat value added to the monster's protection, after applying the multiplier.
```
We could consider a more self explanatory name for the variable, although the only ones I can think of aren't much better.

Author: Two thoughts off the top of my head:
- `armor_pen`: This would be similar to the armor pen values described for bullets
- `armor_flat`: This would highlight the fact that it's a flat bonus
Do you have a preference for either?

Reviewer: Hm. Is the value subtracted from or added to remaining armour? If it's subtracted, `armor_penalty` would work. If it's added, `armor_modifier` might be the best term, even though it looks a lot like `multiplier`.

Author: I renamed `armor_offset` to `armor_penalty`.

Previously, the value was added to remaining armor, but I realized that defaulting it to subtraction would make more sense. Positive modifiers are still support through negative `armor_penalty` values.
